Hi, everyone.
In this next year, we are going to go over modifying and updating objects.
All right, so the first thing that I want to do is I want to be able to modify some objects.
I'm just going to write might it fine objects and by modifying objects, what I mean is we are going
to change the data.
All right.
We are going to change the object, the object date.
So first off, what I'm going to do is I'm going to create a an object.
Well, actually, I'm not going to create I'm just going to paint it now.
And it says movie ratings.
All right.
So we have Deadpool Pool.
We have a movie name and we have a number as a rating for that movie.
So we have a single word eskies and we have multiple awards as keys as well.
All right.
So this is our object that we have X-Men Days of Future Past, Thor, Wunderman and Superman.
So this is our object.
So the first thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to log it to the console.
All right, and I'm going to say movie ratings and when you save it, all right.
So nothing new going on here.
This is our object.
So what if I want to change the rating of the movie Deadpool?
How can how can I do that?
All right.
So to be able to do that, what I'm going to do is I'm just going to bring this movie a ratings way
down here and we are going to work here.
So first off, we are going to reference the object.
And through the bracket notation, we are going to grab the key whose value we are going to change.
So the value of the Deadpool, I want to change it from nine point one to nine point three.
And when I save it and when I check it out here, it says Deadpool nine point three.
We can do that for any other movie that we want.
For example, Superman.
I want to change it from nine to eight point five.
And now if we take a look at the Superman value, which is which was nine, now it is eight point five.
So this is how we can modify or change the object data.
First we reference the key and then we change the value for that key that we have referenced.
All right.
So the next thing that I want to do is I want to be able to update updating.
Updating the object.
I'm just going to write objects, so the next thing that I want to do is to be able to update the object
date.
All right.
So now, actually, there is something that I have to mention here is we are going to use the same method.
We are first going to access a key, and then we are going to give it a value.
Now, by updating, what I actually mean is we can create more key value pairs.
All right.
So how we can create another key value pair or how we can add to the properties of this object.
So first off, we are going to go ahead and grab our object.
And then what?
What shall be the name of the key that we want to add?
The name of the key will be the winner, the winter soldier.
All right.
So this is the name of the key.
So what is each name?
Must have a value.
All right.
So what is the name?
What is the value for this key?
It is going to be nine point eight.
So now when I go ahead and I when I save it, we have movie ratings.
The Winter Soldier, nine point eight.
So when I bring I'm just going to comment this one out and I'm going to copy it and bring it down here
and uncommented and save it.
And we should be able to see the Winter Soldier, nine point eight right here.
Right.
So I'm going to do one more.
And this is actually we are creating more key value pairs.
And for any key value pair, what we need is we need a key and then we need a value.
Right.
And we can create as many key value pairs as we want.
So now you can see originally inside this movie ratings object, we don't have any key that has a name
of the winter soldier.
But now when we look take a look at the console, we do have one because we just created one.
We can't create another one as well.
So it's going to be movie ratings.
OK, what shall be the next one?
I'm going to say just this week, Justice League, a poor culture.
Did I spell correctly?
Think so.
Right.
So what about this one?
I'm going to give it a nine point two when I save it.
And when we come here, we should be able to see Justice League apocalypse, which is not present in
our original object.
OK, so that's it for this lecture.
See you guys in the next one.